{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Glass_TTY_VT220;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Side projects are stupid because they have to be.\
\
If you complain about shit, that's what you should fix.\
Authentic Weather came about because the guy didn't give a shit about graphs, just wanted to know "What the fucking weather is."\
\
"Reflections" was a project that was stupid because there was no concept or plan behind the reason they bought all the materials for the project. Then they realized they could mix plastics and take pictures and ended up selling thousands.\
\
Black Model Beard Oil was a stupid project because there was no encouragement and he didn't know what the hell he was doing. The oil bottles are now selling for $80 / bottle.\
\
Semplice - built on complaining again. No portfolio tool he liked. Behance, etc. he didn't like. But there was no reason to make a new one. He did it anyway. 12 months later it's a paid product and has thousands of users.\
\
Just make people laugh - as a motivator. Who cares if it's stupid; it made people smile.\
\
5 Principles:\
	1: Let yourself be stupid\
		Don't worry about succeeding, making money, etc.\
		Most good ideas are stupid in the beginning.\
	2: Ignore Everybody\
		Book by Hugh MacLoud\
		In the beginning everyone wants to kill your idea or steal it. Jealousy or Not Wanting You To Fail. Everyone comes across as being against you\
		Brainstorming meetings kill ideas, don't do them.\
		Snapchat - You can only see a pic or video 1x then it's deleted forever. Sounds stupid.\
		Alex Ghram Bell - Companies told him the telephone was a toy that no one would use.\
	3: Trust Your Gut\
		Explicit for Implicit Memory - Trust your Implicit\
	4: A jack of all trades\
		Fuck specializing.\
		"in a world of specialists it's a generalist running the show"\
		Keeps you fresh and up on new tech\
		"in the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's there are few" - Shunryu Suzuki\
	5: Stay Busy\
		Work on multiple projects at once\
		Keeps you from getting "stuck" on one and not doing anything\
		Instead you get stuck and switch to another project, then go back.\
		\
The Artist Date:\
"What if you're stuck?"\
A date with yourself that will force you to come up with new ideas.\
Put yourself in uncomfortable situations and see what happens\
	Dress up nicely and go to a nice restaurant by yourself\
	Run naked through the park\
	Take a vacation without making any reservations}